1. I think it is time to look at the project structure. We kind of punted on the idea of making this an NX Workspace yesterday - but I think we are already at the point where we need to do that, or some other monorepo tool.
   1. The hypertheory/stellardevtools project
      1. Since there is a real likelihood that we'll eventually have versions of this for other frameworks (React, Vue, etc.) it seems like should have some sort of representation of that in the name
         1. Maybe `hypertheory/stellar-ng-devtoos` for this project instead?
   2. The hypertheory/sanitize project
      1. This will be - and is, I think - cross framework - no peer dependencies.
      2. There will be more of these as we progress, I predict.
   3. The demo project
      1. This is an angular demo project
      2. Need to make room for other demo projects in the future (React, etc.)
   4. I want to add a docs site in the mix. Astro starlight seems like a good fit.
      1. I know we talked about how the current `/docs/*` directory is "informal documentation" to help us keep context, and I agree
      2. I want to be careful that things aren't lost though - we tend to do long chats, and there is a bunch of content in those chats that are great technical discussions - some of which are resolved enough for us to move forward, some seem to be setting the sort of "ambient vibe" of how we are thinking about this.
         1. I'd like to be able to periodically stop and process where we are at in our discussions and see if we can come up with names/categories for the various things we discuss an begin to put them in the documentation as "technical discussion records" - I feel like formal "ADR" (Architectural Decision Records) are a little too strong for us right now, and I want something less formal. 
         2. I think we might have to wait until we have a longer discussion, and talk through what and how we might record things, but I think I want these in the forthcoming Starlight project - so more "public" (for when I put that online somewhere)
            1. Mostly, without being too self-agrandizing, I feel like we are touching on some really important things in terms of "AI Accessibility" and I don't want to lose that. Also there are things that we are discussing in terms of the technical aesthetics and nuance that need to be recorded, I think.
2. So - order of priority, as I see it, and I want your take on this as well:
   1. Mature our project structure. I'm thinking two main "root" directories:
      1. Modules
         1. For the libraries - the devtools, the sanitize project, and whatever else we come up with
      2. Projects
         1. Demo projects (like our Angular demo) and any forthcoming other projects (Like a react demo, etc.)
         2. Eventually - fairly soon - I want these to be our targets for some playwright tests so we can watch for regressions.
         3. I'm thinking the Starlight docs site can go in here, too - but am open to it being a more "top level" thing
   2. So - I want your thinking on a good project structure, taking into consideration how we will manage this using Nx, or a npm workspace, or whatever you think would be best.
      1. I definitely see a lot of advantages of moving to NX - but in the past it has pushed me in to the "tweaking my .vimrc file for hours" mode, and I don't want to be more distracted by that configuration than I am at the work at hand, so I guess what I'm hoping is you can say "it's cool, bro, I've got this. I know NX really well" - or whatever tool we decide to use.
3. After we've come up with a plan together, we can begin to implement it. Let's not change anything until we both feel confident with the direction.
4. I'm more than happy to receive any feedback here, including "this is premature - maybe we should wait a bit".
